# CS_255_System_Analysis_and_Design

     The client, DriverPass, wanted to provide students with access to online practice exams and on-the-road training to better prepare them for driving tests. They wanted to design a cloud-based platform for customers to be able to take online tests, book driving appointments, and track their progress.  
     I did great in outlining the user's needs and preferences. I defined objectives and goals concisely, ensuring the client's needs were represented.  
     If I could revise one part of my work on these documents, I would choose the system design document—diagrams specifically. From my standpoint, extra details can be added to the activity diagram of the user logging in. I would like to add the error that would be recorded in the system every time a user fails to log in. I would also specify that a customer's email address should be their login to send the 'failed attempt to log in' notification. 
      The end goal of software development is to meet users' needs. It is crucial to take into account the users' preferences and input. I included the requirements and preferences from the interview with the DrivePass owner. I also ensured that the requirements could be met and were aligned with the developing capabilities.  
      Multiple approaches can be used for designing software. Each of them is applicable and beneficial in specific situations. I analyzed the client's interview and gathered the requirements for this project. The next step was to identify functional/non-functional requirements, limitations, and assumptions. Based on the timelines of the expected work, I created a Ghantt chart and moved forward to creating structural and behavioral diagrams and identifying technical requirements. It is crucial to break complex tasks into smaller parts and make sure the designing phase is not rushed. Analyzing and designing software are essential stages of SDLC. The techniques used for this stage can differ, but it is important to gather requirements, analyze/define them, receive feedback, and implement them. Iterations in this process will lead to a better quality end result.  
